•	Database environment build and support
•	Database availability and the security/integrity of the data
•	Database sizing and performance
•	Database consultancy
Support Area Prime Contact	Mark Vickerman
1.1.2.	Documentation Required 
#	Document Name	Document Description	Required by When	SAC
Ref

1	Application Roadmap	Where possible we would like to see how the vendor supports and certifies new versions of the underlying 
  DBMS, and their treatment of patching (i.e certification of application against interim patches)	3 months prior to live	

2	Clustering/HA Documentation	Where some form of High availability solution forms part of the design, a document is required to
  detail how this should work 	1 month prior to live	

3	Maintenance Requirements	Outside of standard housekeeping, are there any system specific requirements for defrags, reorgs etc. 
(standard housekeeping refers to the documented standard for that DBMS)	1 month prior to live	

4	Data Security Requirements	How will the data be secured - is the data encrypted, if so is it all the data, or a subset of the
  data – what method of data encryption will be used.	3 months prior to live	

5	Data Access Requirements	What database users and access permissions will be required e.g application user, troubleshoot user,
individual users etc	3 months prior to live	

6	Purge/Archive/Retrieval	To document what data, if any, is purged or archived and what the mechanisms are for the archiving.
Where data is archived, detail of how this is to be recovered from archive. What method will be used for the purging/archiving 
process.	3 months prior to live	

7	Monitoring	Aside from standard monitoring, are there any specific processes/activities we should be alerting on. 	1 month
prior to live	

1.1.3.	Software Training Required
#	Software	# to be trained	Period required pre live	SAC
Ref
1	(New) Software Training	3	As far in advance as possible	
2	DBMS training (Oracle DB2, SQL etc) if a new version or feature is to be used	Min 3	As far in advance as possible	
1.1.4.	Hardware Training Required
#	Software	# to be trained	Period required pre live	SAC
Ref
1	None required other than included via 3.3.1			
1.1.5.	Knowledge Transfer, Dry Runs, Walkthroughs, Pre OAT testing
#	Requirement	# to be trained	Period required pre live	SAC
Ref
1	     Walkthrough of implementation	1	> 1 week	
2	Dry run of Migration activities (if appropriate)	Min 2	> 1 week	
3	Upgrade (Application & Database)	Min 2	> 3 weeks	
4	Implementation/Backout dry run (if required)	Min 2	> 2 weeks	
1.1.6.	System Overviews
#	Requirement	# to be trained	Period required pre live	SAC
Ref
1	E2E Overview	Min 3	4 weeks	
2	Database Overview from vendor	Min 2	Prior to build	
1.1.7.	Support Area Processes/Standards Used (to be Complied with)
#	Requirement	Standards Documentation Location	SAC
Ref
1	Database Build Standard		
2	Housekeeping Standards		
3	DR Standards		
4	Monitoring Standards		
5	Patching Policy		
6	Security Policy		
1.1.8.	Enduring Test Environments Required
#	Environment	SAC
Ref
1	None specifically requested that is not covered in 3.3.1 that is not covered in 3.3.1	
1.1.9.	Miscellaneous 
None specifically requested that is not covered in 3.3.1 that is not covered in 3.3.1
